Update the Pulumi Policies blog (#16511)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/policy-next-gen/index.md

This powerful new experience is available today. Navigate to the **Policies** and **Policy Findings** tab in Pulumi Cloud to explore your new governance capabilities and meet the future of platform engineering.

## Try Pulumi Policies

**Ready to try these features?**

* [Sign in to Pulumi Cloud](https://app.pulumi.com/signup) and start a Neo task  

> * [Read the Get Started guide](/docs/insights/policy/get-started/) to configure and apply your first policy group to stacks and cloud accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Sign up for Pulumi Cloud](https://app.pulumi.com/signup) and start a Neo task  
* [Read the Get Started guide](/docs/insights/policy/get-started/) to set up and apply a policy group to stacks and clouds.
```
